Q1. What is Laravel?
    Laravel is a free open source "PHP framework" based on the MVC design pattern.
    
       View is a user interface. View display data infront of the user
       Controllers act as an interface between Model and View components
    
Q2. What is PHP artisan ?
      PHP artisan is the command line interface/tool included with Laravel. 
      It provides a number of helpful commands that can help you while you build your application easily.
    
Q3. What is routes in Laravel?   
      Routing in Laravel allows to route all  application requests to its appropriate controller.
      Routing in Laravel includes the following categories −
      Basic Routing     - Basic routing routes the request to the associated controllers.
      Route Parameters  - it is used to send parametes with the url
      Named Routes      - it is done by attaching the name method to the route definition.

Q4. What is middleware in Laravel? 
      middleware is a technique for filtering HTTP requests.
      middleware that checks whether application user is authenticated or not 
      
Q5. What is  CSRF Protection in Laravel?    
      CSRF attacks are the unauthorized activities which the authenticated users of the system perform. 
      Laravel provides protection with the CSRF attacks by generating a CSRF token. 
      CSRF Token is used to verify that the requests are made by an authenticated user.
      This CSRF token is generated automatically for each user. 
      
Q7.List benefits of using Laravel over other PHP frameworks?
      Artisan - A Command-Line Interface
      Migrations & Seeding
      Blade Template Engine
      Middleware 
      Eloquent ORM 
      Routing      

Q6. What is Laravel Migration?       
    Laravel migration is a way that allows you to create a table in your database, 
    without actually going to the database manager 
    A migration class contains two methods: up and down.
    The up method is used to add new tables, columns, or indexes to your database,
    while the down method should reverse the operations performed by the up method.
    
    To rollback the latest migration operation, you may use the rollback command
    The migrate:reset command will roll back all of your application's migrations:
    The migrate:fresh command will drop all tables from the database
    
    to create a table  --->  php artisan make:migration create_users_table
    
Q7.How to get data between two dates in Laravel?
   In Laravel, we can use whereBetween() function to get data between two dates.
   
Q8. 14.What is the use of dd() in Laravel?
    It is a helper function which is used to dump a variable's contents to the browser & stop the further script execution. 
    It stands for Dump and Die. 
    
Q9.What is the difference between {{ $username }} and {!! $username !!} in Laravel?
    {{ $username }} is simply used to display text contents
    {!! $username !!} is used to display content with HTML tags if exists. 
    
Q10. 57.What is seed in laravel?
     Laravel offers a tool to include dummy data to the database automatically.This process is called seeding. 
     Developers can add simply testing data to their database table using the database seeder.
     It is extremely useful as testing with various data types allows developers to detect bugs and optimize performance.
     We have to run the artisan command make:seeder to generate a seeder,
     which will be placed in the directory database/seeds as like all others.

    How to create database seeder
    To generate a seeder, run the make:seeder Artisan command. 
    All seeders generated by the laravel will be placed in the database/seeds directory:
    php artisan make:seeder AdminTableSeeder
      
