Laravel - Routing
-----------------
  Routing in Laravel allows to route all  application requests to its appropriate controller.

  Routing in Laravel includes the following categories −
  Basic Routing     - Basic routing routes the request to the associated controllers.
  Route Parameters  - it is used to send parametes with the url
  Named Routes      - it is done by attaching the name method to the route definition.

Laravel - Middleware
--------------------
  middleware is a technique for filtering HTTP requests.
  middleware that checks whether application user is authenticated or not

Laravel - CSRF Protection
------------------------
  CSRF attacks are the unauthorized activities which the authenticated users of the system perform. 
  Laravel provides protection with the CSRF attacks by generating a CSRF token. 
  CSRF Token is used to verify that the requests are made by an authenticated user.
  This CSRF token is generated automatically for each user. 

Eloquent ORM
-----------
  The Eloquent ORM included with Laravel provides a  simple ActiveRecord implementation for working with database
  Eloquent  Relationships
  One To One - hasOne
  One To Many - hasMany
  One To Many(Inverse) - belongsTo
  Many To Many - belongsToMany

Artisan CLI
------------
  Artisan Command line interface  provides a number of helpful commands for your use while developing your application. 

Laravel Migration
----------------
  Laravel migration is a way that allows you to create a table in your database, without actually going to the database manager 
  The up() method is run when the migration is executed to apply changes to the database.


List benefits of using Laravel over other PHP frameworks?
---------------------------------------------------------
  Artisan - A Command-Line Interface
  Migrations & Seeding
  Blade Template Engine
  Middleware 
  Eloquent ORM 
  Routing 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  1) What is PHP?
PHP is one of the popular server-side scripting languages for developing a web application.

2)Why do we use PHP?
it is totally free to use. So anyone can use PHP without any cost and host the site at a minimal cost.
It supports multiple databases. The most commonly used database is MySQL which is also free to use. 
Many PHP frameworks are used now for web development, such as CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel etc.
These frameworks make the web development task much easier than before.

Q #5) What are the differences between echo and print?
Both echo and print method print the output in the browser but there is a difference between these two methods.
echo does not return any value after printing the output and it works faster than the print method.
print method is slower than the echo because it returns boolean value after printing the output.

Q #8) What are the uses of explode() and implode() functions?
explode() function is used to split a string into an array 
implode() function is used to make a string by combining the array elements.

Q #10) Which function is used in PHP to check the data type of any variable?
gettype() function is used to check the data type of any variable.

Sample code:
echo gettype(true).'';       //boolean
echo gettype(10).'';         //integer
echo gettype('Programming').''; //string
echo gettype(null).''; //NULL


Q #31) What is the difference between for and foreach loop in PHP?
for loop is mainly used for iterating a pre-defined number of times and foreach loop is used for reading array elements or MySQL result set where the number of iteration can be unknown.


Q #36) What type of errors can be occurred in PHP?
Fatal Errors– The execution of the script stops when this error occurs.
                In the following script, f1() function is declared but f2() function is called which is not declared. The execution of the script will stop when f2() function will call. So, “Testing Fatal Error” will not be printed.

Parse Errors– This type of error occurs when the coder uses a wrong syntax in the script. 
              This errors due to missing of semicolon,unclosed brases,quotes etc.

Warning Errors- This type of error does not stop the execution of a script. 
                It continues the script even after displaying the error. 
               This errors due to afile does not exist in the current location then a warning message will display to show the error  
Notice Errors- This type of error shows a minor error of the script and continues the execution after displaying error.     
                This errors due to a variable, $a is defined but $b is not defined. So, a notice of undefined variable will display                      


What are constructor and destructor in PHP?
PHP constructor and  destructor are special type functions which are automatically called when a PHP class object is created and destroyed. The constructor is the most useful of the two because it allows you to send parameters along when creating a new object, which can then be used to initialize variables on the object.


Q12. What is difference between include,require,include_once and require_once() ?

Include :-Include is used to include files more than once in single PHP script.
          Include generates a warning error and stops the script execution,if file is not found on specified location or path
          Syntax:- include(“file_name.php”);

Include Once:-Include once include a file only one time in php script.Second attempt to include is ignored.
         Syntax:- include_once(“file_name.php”);

Require:-Require is also used to include files more than once in single PHP script.
         Require generates a Fatal error and halts the script execution,if file is not found on specified location or path.
         Syntax:- require(“file_name.php”);

Require Once :-Require once include a file only one time in php script.Second attempt to include is ignored. 
         Require Once also  generates a Fatal error and halts the script execution ,if file is not found on specified location or path.




Q50. What is difference between session and cookie in PHP ?
Session and cookie both are used to store values or data.
cookie stores data in your browser and a session is stored on the server.
Session destroys that when browser close and cookie delete when set time expires.


What’s the difference between unset() and unlink()
unset() sets a variable to “undefined” while unlink() deletes a file we pass to it from the file system.


What is the difference between GET and POST?

GET displays the submitted data as part of the URL, during POST this information is not shown as it’s encoded in the request.
GET can handle a maximum of 2048 characters, POST has no such restrictions.
Normally GET is used to retrieve data while POST to insert and update.
